Deprecation of `msg=` for both `pytest.skip()` and `pytest.fail()`. (#8950)
pytest-dev/pytest: changelog/8948.deprecation.rst

> :func:`pytest.skip(msg=...)` and :func:`pytest.fail(msg=...)` signature now accepts a ``reason=`` arg instead

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:func:`pytest.skip(msg=...)` and :func:`pytest.fail(msg=...)` signatures now accept a ``reason=`` argument instead
```

> of ``msg=``.  Using ``msg=`` will be removed completely in future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of ``msg=``.  Using ``msg=`` still works, but is deprecated and will be removed in the future.

This was changed for consistency with `pytest.mark.skip` and `pytest.mark.xfail`, which accept ``reason`` as argument.
```
